The file selector is designed to be very intuitive.  It should nearly
always do the expected thing.  So a minimal amount of explanation is
all that should be necessary.  (If I did it right.)

    Minicom's current working directory is changed to whatever directory
	is displayed on the selector's title bar.

    Double-tapping the space-bar (taps within a second or so of each
	other) while on a directory entry will move you into that
	directory.

    The "Goto" requester will always initialize to whatever is configured
	for the default upload/download directory, as appropriate.  If
	blank: the user's HOME directory is where it'll go to.

    The first time the selector is entered, it will go to the default
	download or upload directory--depending on which was called-up:
	an upload or a download.

    Subsequent invocations of the selector will result in it coming-up in
	whichever directory it was last--dependent on whether uploading
	or downloading.  (Doing "Goto" <ret> will easily get you to the
	default directory for the operation, as noted above.)

    When the selector's display is constrained by a wild-card pattern via
	the "Show" menu selection, moving to a new directory will result
	in a full display again.  This was intentional.  But the pattern
	is remembered, so simply doing "Show" <ret> will re-invoke the
	filter.  I felt this would be less confusing.

    The functions at the bottom of the selector are:

	 Goto - Go to a particular directory
	 Prev - Go to previous directory
	 Show - Limit display to (wildcard) pattern
	  Tag - Tag files with (wildcard) pattern
	Untag - Untag files with (wildcard) pattern
	 Okay - All done

    The functions at the bottom of the selector ("Goto", etc.) are hot-
        keyed on their first letter.  Right-left cursor motion works on
	them as well.

    If "selectable download directory" enabled (zmodem, ymodem, etc.):

	For downloads where the filenames are determined by the protocol
	    (e.g.: zmodem): files will appear in the selector, but
	    attempts to tag them are a no-op.  (Nothing happens.)
	    
	    You select the desired download directory by entering it.

